A THURSDAY IN THE PARK Fernando, Michael
and Pedro were friends
It was a sunny Thursday and they decided
to go to the park
There were many fun things to do
These children were playing and laughing
and they were having a great time
The three friends walked through the park
and thought about what to do next
Hey, I think it's getting really hot
Let's get some ice cream
One said That's a great idea
The others said They looked at those
colorful ice cream flavors and couldn't
decide which one to choose Then, one of
them said Let's get them all They bought
a few flavors and thanked the vendor
Though it was hot, they were happy They
knew that days like this were worth a
thousand memories